DOC Clarify LeaveOneGroupOut (#24159)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/cross_validation.rst

Leave One Group Out
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:class:`LeaveOneGroupOut` is a cross-validation scheme where each split holds
out samples belonging to one specific group. Group information is

> provided via an array of integers that encode the group of each sample.

Reviewer: I do not think the groups need to be integers:

```suggestion
provided via an array that encodes the group of each sample.
```

Code example:

```python
import numpy as np
from sklearn.model_selection import LeaveOneGroupOut
X = np.array([[1, 2], [3, 4], [5, 6], [7, 8]])
y = np.array([1, 2, 1, 2])
groups = np.array(["one", "one", "two", "two"])
logo = LeaveOneGroupOut()
for train_index, test_index in logo.split(X, y, groups):
    print(groups[train_index], groups[test_index])
```
